“As you approach the large stone building, the road turns into a gravel path surrounded by an overgrown lawn, leading toward a large set of wooden double doors. The fragrance of ripening apples is thick in the air from the old apple orchard in the back. There is one massive apple tree near the path to the front doors. As the wind whistles through the long grasses, you notice that the bark of the tree looks almost like an ancient, wizened face.” 

The tree is an apple treant named Mac, or Macintosh. He is grumpy and old, and has very little patience for the antics of youngsters. He knows of the goblins inside the building, but does not particularly care, since they ignore him. If any of the players poses a threat to any of the other trees or plants in the area, Mac is now hostile towards them. He aims only to incapacitate and never to kill, but he will not tolerate any harm to nature in his presence. He can, at will, awaken the nine shrubs in the front of the building to go and pester the party. With DC 12 Investigate or Charisma checks, he reveals that he doesn’t know about any secret recipes, but he remembers that old Grammy used to chat every day with the dryads who live out back in [[2- Apple Orchard]], and suggests that they might know something. The set of doors is loosely barred from the inside, as the goblins primarily use the back entrance. The wood is rotting and it can be broken open with a DC 14 Strength check.


Outside
For every ten minutes the group spends walking around outside the bakery, roll a d6 to find out if they encounter a patrol group of 1d4 goblins. On a 6, the goblins see them first and try to run away. On a 1, the group sees the goblins before they are spotted, and they can decide what to do from there.