“This well-appointed room of sturdy mahogany furniture and velvet curtains contains two paper-strewn desks with overturned chairs. The remaining walls are lined with bookshelves and filing cabinets. The goblin odor is not as strong in here as it is in other areas of the bakery.”

The goblins cannot read and see no use for stupid papers except as kindling for fires, and there’s plenty of that outside. The bookshelves contain records of the bakery’s finances (business was booming). A DC 13 Perception check will find the safe hidden behind one of the shelves. DC 15 Sleight of Hand check is required to pick the lock, or DC 17 Strength to pry it open. The safe contains 75 gp, 50 sp, and 25 cp. One of the desk drawers is trapped, but the mechanism can be spotted with a DC 13 Perception check. A DC 16 Dexterity check will disarm the trap. If the drawer is opened without disarming it, a poison needle springs out of the drawer to stab whoever is opening it. It does 1 piercing damage and 1d10 poison damage. The victim will also need to make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw to avoid being poisoned for one hour. This drawer contains one half of the secret recipe on a torn up old parchment scroll. Other drawers contain blank paper, quills, ink, etc. There is one silver signet ring worth about 10 gp. The curtains are still in decent condition and could probably fetch another 10 gp at the market, but they are heavy and cumbersome. The furniture would fetch a pretty penny indeed but is far too heavy to be moved without assistance.