“The bakery floor is a wide open space with high ceilings with exposed wooden beams, sound echoing throughout the room. Two stone rooms stand to one side with heavy barred doors keeping them closed. Between them is a small glass cabinet with an even smaller mallet hanging on a chain. Six long work benches fill the center of the room, covered with pie tins, rolling pins, and other baking equipment. Some of the rolling pins are still rolling lazily back and forth, some enchantment keeping them in motion. Dulled knives chop at apples that haven’t been there in years. On the other side are six massive ovens, their doors still opening periodically, as if remembering that they are supposed to. Tall chimneys rise from each oven to pierce the ceiling overhead. The whole area is the mess, not the work of a professional baker. It looks as if someone has tried and failed to teach themselves to make pie.”

The glass cabinet contains two regular healing potions. The magic baking equipment might be able to fetch a few coppers as a curio for some interested wizard, but otherwise is in poor condition. The non-magical baking equipment wouldn’t even be able to get that, so much of it is eaten through with rust and rot. A Mending cantrip may be able to fix some of the physical damage, but it cannot restore or strengthen any magic. The stone rooms, one used for ingredient storage and one for finished product storage, are mostly empty, but the runes inscribed in the stone are still keeping the rooms chilled. These runes can be copied by any magic users in the party. It is a second level spell, a variation on Cone of Cold which only lowers the temperature enough to cool food, not enough to do damage. A DC 15 Perception check will find several bags of exotic spices hidden away in a corner - a bag each of cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and cloves. Each one is worth about 5 gp. The goblins have been attempting to replicate Grammy’s pies - which they have become addicted to. If the party attempts to interfere in any way with the magical objects, three goblins drop down from the rafters to stop them. They can be reasoned with and negotiated with, if the party agrees to show them the recipe. They cannot read, but they will remember things they are told verbally or that are demonstrated to them. DC 14 Charisma, Persuasion, or Intimidation, if that’s more your party’s style. The goblins are not smart, and are easily deceived, but they will have a long memory of this deception. Or it comes to fighting, although the goblins do not wish to instigate combat. The ovens are still warm, but not hot, and certainly not hot enough to bake a pie (as evidenced by some half-baked messes in pie tins sitting on top of them). This is not due to magic, but by the residence of some creatures who find ovens very conveniently hospitable. They are comfortable and do not attack unless provoked. Roll a d4 on the following table:

D4 Encounter 
1 1d3 (1d6 halved) magmins 
2 1d4 smoke mephits 
3 1d4 magma mephits 
4 1 fire snake